{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 TrebuchetMS-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 TrebuchetMS;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10860\viewh10380\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Apple Pie
\f1\b0\fs24  \

\f2\fs20 2 recipes Pastry Dough (see chicken-less pot pie recipe) \
Filling: \
13-14 Granny Smith or Gala apples, peeled, cored, thinly sliced into half moons \
9 tablespoons vegetarian butter spread \
3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract \
1 cup brown rice syrup \
Sea salt \
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon \
Lightly oil a 9-inch deep dish pie plate. Divide pastry dough into 2 pieces, one a little larger than the other. Roll each one \
between waxed or parchment paper into a thin round, the smaller one to be about 11 inches in diameter and the larger one \
to be about 12 inches in diameter. Press pastry into pie plate, using your knuckles to conform the dough to the dish, but do \
not stretch the dough too much.  Let excess hang over the rim. Prick several times with a fork and set aside. \
Preheat the oven to 375o. Make the filling. You will be saut\'8eing apples in 3 batches. Place 3 tablespoons of vegetarian butter \
spread, a teaspoon of vanilla, 1/3 cup rice syrup and a pinch of salt in a skillet over medium heat. Saut\'8e until the apples \
wilt and the edges begin to brown about 7 minutes. Transfer cooked apples to a baking sheet to cool and repeat saut\'8eing \
process with remaining apples and seasonings. Cool to room temperature. \
Spoon cooled apples into pie plate, mounding them in the center. Lay the remaining pastry over the apples. Using a sharp \
knife, trim the excess pastry from the rim and gently pinch together the edges of the pastry to seal the crust.  Using your \
thumb and forefinger, crimp the edge to create a decorative crust. \
Make 3 to 4 slits in the top of the pastry to allow steam to escape. Bake for 15 minutes, reduce oven heat to 350o and bake \
for an additional 40 -45 minutes.  The crust should be golden and the filfor about 15 minutes before slicing. Makes 1 pie, 6-8 servings 
\f1\fs24 \
\
\

\f2\fs20 Pastry Dough: \
1 1/2 cups whole wheat pastry flour \
1/4 teaspoon sea salt \
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil (scant) \
1/4 cup cold almond milk or cold water \
\
Prepare the pastry dough. Mix flour, salt and oil thoroughly, using a fork to blend ingredients.  Slowly add almond milk or \
water and stir to form a stiff but flexible dough.  Gather into a ball and knead 1-2 minutes.  Roll out between waxed or \
parchment paper to create 2 round crusts that are one inch larger than your pie plate (9-inch). \
}