{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 my pleasure... if you really want to look like a superstar, serve my smoky black bean dip & homemade chips. everyone always goes nuts over both...\
GHG'S HEALTHY & HEARTY SMOKY BLACK BEAN DIP\
1 19-oz can black beans, drained & rinsed
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 large garlic cloves, coarsely chopped
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 Tbsp.coarsely chopped onion
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \'bd cup loosely packed fresh cilantro [leaves & stems]
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 Tbsp. fresh lime juice
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 Tbsp. low- or nonfat sour cream or yogurt
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1-2 chipotle chiles in adobo, coarsely chopped [amount depends on heat preference]
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 tsp. ground cumin
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \'bd tsp. red chili powder
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \'bd tsp. smoked paprika [piment\'f3n de la vera]
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 salt and freshly ground pepper\
in a food processor, combine all ingredients except salt & pepper. process until smooth. taste for seasoning, add salt & pepper to taste, and blend thoroughly. if you prefer a thinner dip continue processing and add water 1 Tbsp. at a time until desired consistency is reached.\
transfer to a serving bowl, garnish with 2 Tbsp. of chopped cilantro if desired, and serve with homemade chips [see below], and/or crudit\'e9s.\
a couple of notes:\
re: consistency...i like my dips VERY thick, so depending on your preference you'll probably want to add some water to loosen it up a bit\
re: heat...i love it, so i always go heavy on the pepper & chiles...but if you're not into spicy, start off with just a little. you can always add more.\
SPICED CHILI-LIME CORN CHIPS
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3 T lime juice
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 T canola oil
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 tsp. cumin
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 tsp. chili powder
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 tsp. smoked paprika
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 tsp. sea salt
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 pkg. corn tortillas\
pour lime juice & oil in a mister/sprayer [i use a misto] and shake to combine.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 combine cumin, paprika, sea salt & chili powder [increase this if you want more heat] in a bowl.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 stack tortillas, cut into triangles & spread out on a sheet pan.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 mist triangles lightly with lime juice/oil mixture, and sprinkle generously with spice mixture. bake at 400 degrees for 3-4 min.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 remove pan from oven, turn chips over, season other side, and return to oven for another 3-4 min.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 cool on a rack for 10-15 min.\
if there are any left over [which is rare], they keep really well in a sealed plastic bag.\
enjoy!\
}