{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 butternut squash risotto\
\
What You'll Need\
1 med. butternut squash, cut into 8 pieces and seeded\
5-6 cups Vegetable Stock or water\
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil\
3 shallots, peeled and minced\
2 cups Arborio rice, rinsed\
1\'da2 cup white wine (or 1/4 cup mirin plus 1/4 cup water)\
generous pinch ground nutmeg\
fresh basil, minced, plus several whole leaves for garnish\
soy sauce\
\
Instructions\
Steam the squash for 10-15 minutes, until soft. Scoop meat out of skin and\
mash. Set aside. Heat stock thoroughly and keep on a simmer. In a heavy,\
deep skillet, heat a small amount of olive oil and saute shallots, sprinkled\
lightly with soy sauce for a few minutes. Add rice and saute for a few\
minutes more. Stirring constantly, add wine and cook (still stirring), until\
wine is all but absorbed. Stir in squash puree. By half cup increments, add\
stock to rice, stirring frequently, adding as stock is absorbed. Continue\
until rice is creamy, but not soggy. Risotto should be firm, but not hard in\
the center. The entire cooking time usually doesn't exceed 25 minutes. Add a\
sprinkle of nutmeg and minced basil to taste. Serve hot, garnished with\
fresh basil leaves. }