{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0    	\
Pan fried burritos\
christina cooks\
\
What You'll Need\
salsa:\
2 ripe tomatoes, fine dice\
1/2 red onion, fine dice\
1 red bell pepper, roasted over an open flame, peeled, seeded, diced\
2 cloves fresh garlic, finely minced\
1 serrano chile, finely minced, including seeds\
Sea salt\
Extra virgin olive oil\
\
burritos:\
extra virgin olive oil\
3 cloves fresh garlic, thinly sliced\
1 red onion, small dice\
Sea salt\
1 carrot, small dice\
2 stalks celery, small dice\
Pinch ground cumin\
Generous pinch crushed red pepper flakes\
1 cup cooked black turtle beans\
1 cup cooked red azuki beans\
4, 10-inch whole wheat tortillas\
5-6 ounces vegan Monterey jack soy cheese, grated\
1/2 cup avocado oil\
\
Instructions\
Make the salsa, by simply combining the first 5 ingredients in a mixing bowl. Season to taste with salt and drizzle lightly with olive oil. Mix well, cover tightly and set aside so flavors can develop.\
\
Make the burrito filling. Place a small amount of oil, the garlic and onion in a deep skillet over medium heat. When the onions begin to sizzle, add a pinch of salt and saut\'8e for 1-2 minutes. Stir in carrot and celery, a pinch of salt and saut\'8e for 1-2 minutes. Stir in cumin and crushed red pepper flakes, season lightly with salt and saut\'8e for 1 minute more. Stir in cooked beans, season to taste with salt and cook, stirring constantly, until beans are warmed through, about 3 minutes.\
\
Lay a tortilla on a dry work surface. Spoon _ of the filling onto tortilla and spread it evenly over the tortilla, leaving a 1-inch border all around. Sprinkle with _ of the cheese. From the side nearest you, roll, jelly-roll style to create the burrito. Set aside, seam side down. Repeat with remaining tortillas, cheese and beans.\
\
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Lay 2 burritos in hot oil, seam side down and fry until golden on the undersides, 1-2 minutes. Turn the burritos carefully and brown on the other side. Drain on paper and repeat with remaining 2 burritos.\
\
To serve, arrange burritos on a platter and spoon salsa over top.\
\
Makes 4 servings.\
}