{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9700\viewh10700\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0  ood. If you like, you can leave out the wine and replace it with an equal amount of broth.\
\
 	\
2 cans (14.5 ounces each) reduced-sodium chicken broth\
3 tablespoons butter\
1 to 2 large zucchini (1 pound), cut into 1/2-inch cubes\
Coarse salt and ground pepper\
\uc0\u189  cup finely chopped onion\
1-\uc0\u189  cups Arborio rice\
\uc0\u189  cup dry white wine\
1 cup frozen peas, thawed\
\uc0\u189  cup grated Parmesan cheese\
\
   1. Heat broth and 2 1/2 cups water in a small saucepan over low heat; keep warm. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a 3-quart saucepan over medium heat. Add zucchini; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until zucchini is golden, 8 to 10 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer zucchini to a plate.\
   2. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add onion; cook until soft, 5 minutes. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Raise heat to medium. Add rice; cook, stirring, until translucent around edges, about 3 minutes. Add wine; cook until absorbed, about 2 minutes.\
   3. Cook, adding 1 cup hot broth at a time (stir until almost all liquid is absorbed before adding more), until rice is tender, 25 to 30 minutes total.\
   4. Add zucchini and peas; cook until peas are bright green, 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in remaining tablespoon butter and Parmesan. Serve, topped with more cheese.\
\
Per serving: 347 calories; 7.9 grams fat; 10.7 grams protein; 52.2 grams carbohydrates; 3.1 grams fiber\
\
}