{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13420\viewh9740\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0  	\
Chocolate Truffles\
 \
MAKES ABOUT 3 /12 DOZEN\
Use different brands of cocoa powder (such as Hershey's, Valrhona, Droste, and Ghirardelli) to make truffles of assorted colors.\
 \
 	\
8 		ounces best-quality bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped\
 	\
1/2 		cup heavy cream\
 	\
1 		tablespoon liqueur, such as triple sec or framboise (optional)\
 	\
		Unsweetened cocoa powder, for rolling\
 \
  	1.   Put chocolate into a large heatproof bowl. Bring cream just to a boil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat; pour over chocolate in bowl. Stir in liqueur, if desired. Cover with plastic wrap; let stand 10 minutes. Stir until smooth. Let stand until thick, about 15 minutes.\
 \
  	2.   Pour chocolate mixture into a shallow 8-inch dish or pie plate. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until mixture is very cold and set but still pliable, about 30 minutes.\
 \
  	3.   Using a teaspoon or a 1/2-inch melon baller, scoop balls of chocolate mixture, transferring them to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper as you work. Refrigerate truffles 10 minutes.\
 \
  	4.   Using hands dusted with cocoa powder, dip each truffle in cocoa powder to coat, then quickly shape truffle into a rough round. Refrigerate truffles in an airtight container until ready to serve, up to 2 weeks; before serving, reshape into rounds, and roll each truffle in cocoa powder, if desired.\
 \
  	  	 \
 }