+++
categories = ["Desserts"]
cookTime = "25 min"
description = "From Two Peas and Their Pod online blog"
directions = "* Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease an 8-Inch round cake pan with nonstick cooking spray. Cut a piece of parchment to fit the bottom of the pan. Place it in the bottom of the pan and spray it with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside.\n* To make the cake, put the chocolate and butter in a large microwave-safe bowl, and heat until the butter is melted and the chips are soft, about one minute. Stir until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. If you need to reheat, do for 10 seconds at a time and stir.\n* Add the sugar, salt, and vanilla extract and stir to combine.\n* Add the eggs and stir until smooth. Add the cocoa powder and stir until just combined. Don’t over mix.\n* Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake the cake for 25 minutes or until the cake has a thin crust on the top and the center registers 200°F on an instant-read thermometer.\n* Let the cake cool on a wire cooling rack for 10 minutes. Loosen the edges of the pan with a butter knife and carefully turn it upside down onto a cake plate or serving plate. The bottom of the cake will now be the top of the cake. Let the cake cool completely.\n* While the cake is cooling, make the chocolate ganache. Combine the chocolate and cream in a medium microwave-safe bowl, and heat until the cream is very hot so it will melt the chocolate. I always start with 30 seconds and check it. It might take longer, it just depends on your microwave. Remove from the microwave, and stir until the the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth.\n* Spread the chocolate ganache glaze evenly over the cooled cake. Let the glaze set up for a few hours before cutting and serving the cake. I always put it in the refrigerator to speed up the process.\n* Cut the cake into slices and serve with powdered sugar and raspberries, if desired. This cake is also great with whipped cream or ice cream."
ingredients = "**For the cake:**\n\n* 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips or chopped chocolate\n* 1/2 cup unsalted butter\n* 3/4 cup granulated sugar\n* 1/4 teaspoon salt\n* 1 teaspoon vanilla extract\n* 3 large eggs _slightly beaten_\n* 1/2 cup Dutch process cocoa powder\n\n**For the chocolate ganache:**\n\n* 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips or chopped chocolate\n* 1/2 cup heavy cream"
notes = "From Two Peas and Their Pod: [https://www.twopeasandtheirpod.com/flourless-chocolate-cake/](https://www.twopeasandtheirpod.com/flourless-chocolate-cake/ \"https://www.twopeasandtheirpod.com/flourless-chocolate-cake/\")\n\n* Bake the cake in an **8-inch round cake pan**. Make sure you grease the pan with nonstick cooking AND line it with **parchment paper**. I also grease the parchment paper after it goes in the pan. You don’t want the cake to stick.\n* Make sure you use the best chocolate for the recipe so you get the best chocolate flavor. You can use chocolate chips or chopped up chocolate.\n* I use semi-sweet chocolate but if you like darker chocolate, bittersweet would work well too.\n* I use **Dutch process cocoa** because it gives the cake a deep, chocolate flavor.\n* I melt the chocolate and butter in the microwave, but you can melt it on low in a pan using the stove top.\n* Don’t over bake the cake. You want it to be nice and fudgy. It is done when the center reads 200°F on an instant-read thermometer.\n* Let the cake cool completely before adding the chocolate ganache glaze.\n* After the cake is glazed, let the glaze set up before cutting. I like to put it in the refrigerator for a few hours so the glaze can set up.\n* Serve the cake with a dusting of powdered sugar and fresh raspberries. We also like to serve whipped cream or ice cream on the side balance out the rich chocolate cake"
prepTime = "15 min"
servings = "16"
tags = []
title = "Flourless Chocolate Cake"

+++
